README.md, before:

# Business Base Contract Documentation

Here you can find the current Business Base Contract and its previous versions. This makes it easier to track and check individual changes.

## Version number

The version number consists of two parts:

1. Az első szám határozza meg a főverziót. Minden olyan módosítás, ami a meglévő feltételeket, adatokat, meghatározásokat módosítja, egy új főverziót kap.
2. The second number identifies the fixes for that major version. All stylistic, layout, spelling and other corrections are included, which do not change the meaning and interpretation of the contract and the definition and validity of the terms. In the case of a new major version, this number is reset to zero, so it always applies to that major version.

## Latest update

The date of the last update always refers to a change in the content of the contract, so it is not updated for stylistic, visual and other minor bug fixes. The date shows the state in which the essential elements of the contract were last modified, ie the same date as the update of the main version.

## Contract formats

The contract is in two formats. The original and editable format is .md, i.e. the Markdown format, which is a simplified semantic editing language saved in plain text format. The other format is the .pdf, or Portable Document Format, generated from the .md format, which is a platform- and resolution-independent file format specifically for storing documents (images, text, graphics).

We use the following online service to convert Markdown and Portable Document Format:
https://www.markdowntopdf.com/

## Changelog:

**1.0**

- The first version of Business Base Contract.

Commit message:

1.1
- Missing translation in README.md file.

README.md, after:

# Business Base Contract Documentation

Here you can find the current Business Base Contract and its previous versions. This makes it easier to track and check individual changes.

## Version number

The version number consists of two parts:

1. The first number determines the main version. Any changes that modify existing terms, data, or definitions will receive a new major version.
2. The second number identifies the fixes for that major version. All stylistic, layout, spelling and other corrections are included, which do not change the meaning and interpretation of the contract and the definition and validity of the terms. In the case of a new major version, this number is reset to zero, so it always applies to that major version.

## Latest update

The date of the last update always refers to a change in the content of the contract, so it is not updated for stylistic, visual and other minor bug fixes. The date shows the state in which the essential elements of the contract were last modified, ie the same date as the update of the main version.

## Contract formats

The contract is in two formats. The original and editable format is .md, i.e. the Markdown format, which is a simplified semantic editing language saved in plain text format. The other format is the .pdf, or Portable Document Format, generated from the .md format, which is a platform- and resolution-independent file format specifically for storing documents (images, text, graphics).

We use the following online service to convert Markdown and Portable Document Format:
https://www.markdowntopdf.com/

## Changelog:

**1.1**

- Missing translation in README.md file.

**1.0**

- The first version of Business Base Contract.
